Re-add section for customizing Docker images pre-fast-deploys (#11112)
dagster-io/dagster: docs/content/dagster-cloud/deployment/serverless.mdx

       --base-image-tag sha256_518ad2f92b078c63c60e89f0310f13f19d3a1c7ea9e1976d67d59fcb7040d0d6
     ```

> ### Disabling PEX-based Deploys

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Disabling PEX-based deploys
```

Prior to using PEX files, Dagster Cloud deployed code using Docker images. This feature is still available. To deploy using a Docker image instead of PEX:

- **With GitHub**: Delete the `ENABLE_FAST_DEPLOYS: 'true'` line in your GitHub Actions configuration (usually at `.github/workflows/deploy.yml`):

  ```yaml
  env:
    DAGSTER_CLOUD_URL: ...
    DAGSTER_CLOUD_API_TOKEN: ...
    # ENABLE_FAST_DEPLOYS: 'true' # disabled
  ```

- **With the CLI**: Use the `deploy` command instead of the `deploy-python-executable` command:

  ```shell
  dagster-cloud serverless deploy \
    --location-name example \
    --package-name assets_modern_data_stack
  ```

> The Docker image deployed can be customized as below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Docker image deployed can be customized using either lifecycle hooks or customizing the base image.
```

Or something along these lines - I just want to tie the options we're outlining to this sentence.

> #### Lifecycle hooks

Reviewer: Can we put these two sections (Lifecycle hooks and Changing the base image) into tabs? There's so much in this guide and it's feeling pretty cluttered. This could help until we're able to organize this better.

Ex:

```
<TabGroup>
<TabItem name="Use lifecycle hooks">

[ content here. Everything (with the exception of lists) should be flush left ]

</TabItem>
<TabItem name="Change the base image">

[ content here ]

</TabItem>
</TabGroup>
```
